Improve docs and enable reliable multi-stage caching (#601)
pulumi/pulumi-docker: provider/pkg/docs-gen/image-description.md

Builds a Docker image and optionally pushes to a registry and Docker repository.

> Note: The Docker Image resource does not delete the remote image when the Pulumi resource is destroyed.

Author: Good feedback, I can describe the resource as create-only, with `delete` as a no-op.

## Cross-platform builds

The Image resource supports cross-platform builds when the [Docker engine has cross-platform support enabled via emulators](https://docs.docker.com/build/building/multi-platform/#building-multi-platform-images).
The Image resource currently supports providing only a single operating system and architecture in the `platform` field, e.g.: `linux/amd64`.
To enable this support, you may need to install the emulators in the environment running your Pulumi program.

> If you're using Linux, you may be using Docker Engine or Docker Desktop for Linux, depending on how you've installed Docker. The [FAQ for Docker Desktop for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/faqs/linuxfaqs/#context) describes the differences and how to select which you're using.

Reviewer: nit: style: remove contractions for accessibility
```suggestion
If you are using Linux, you may be using Docker Engine or Docker Desktop for Linux, depending on how you have installed Docker. The [FAQ for Docker Desktop for Linux](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/faqs/linuxfaqs/#context) describes the differences and how to select which you're using.
```
